Schedule Shift docs (#16)
brighthr/slate: source/includes/Rota/_rota.md

--------- | -----------
Name | A string of no more than 50 characters. Contains the new name of the rota. It must leave the rota with a unique name and start date combination.

## Schedule Shift

Creates a new shift on a given rota.

### HTTP Request

`POST https://sandbox-api.brighthr.com/v1/rota/{rotaId:guid}/shift`

```shell
curl --location --request POST 'http://sandbox-api.brighthr.com/v1/rota/{rotaId:guid}/shift' \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer Access-Token"
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-raw '{
      "startLocalDateTime":"2021-05-17 09:00:00",
      "endLocalDateTime":"2021-05-17 17:30:00",
      "participants": [
        {
          "id": 1,
          "guid": "5760d2ed-447b-4c88-af21-227f572f7d8b",
          "name": "Shift Participant"
        },
      ],
      "breakDuration":
      {
        "hours": 0,
        "minutes": 45
      }
      "notes": "shift notes",

    }'
```
> Make sure to replace `Access-Token` with your client key.
> The above command returns JSON structured like this:

```json
[
  "5760d2ed-447b-4c88-af21-227f572f7d8b",
]
```
### Permissions

> Admins and managers have the ability to create rotas. 

Author: ```suggestion
Admins and managers have the ability to schedule shifts. 
```
